feat(hss): add new data source to query hss app (#7023)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/hss_apps.md

---
subcategory: "Host Security Service (HSS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_hss_apps"
description: |-
  Use this data source to query the HSS app list within HuaweiCloud.
---

# huaweicloud_hss_apps

Use this data source to query the HSS app list within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "huaweicloud_hss_apps" "test" {}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

> * `enterprise_project_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the enterprise project that a server belongs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `enterprise_project_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the enterprise project to which the hosts belong.

```

  This parameter is valid only when the enterprise project function is enabled.
  The value **all_granted_eps** indicates all enterprise projects.
  If omitted, the default enterprise project will be used.

> * `host_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the server ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `host_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the host ID.

```

Reviewer: check other place.

* `host_name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the server name.

* `app_name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the software name.

* `host_ip` - (Optional, String) Specifies the server IP address.

* `version` - (Optional, String) Specifies the software version.

* `install_dir` - (Optional, String) Specifies the installation directory.

> * `category` - (Optional, String) Specifies the type. The default value is `host`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `category` - (Optional, String) Specifies the type. The default value is **host**.

```

  The valid values are as follows:

>   + **host**: Host

Reviewer 2: Miss the period in the end.

  + **container**: Container

> * `part_match` - (Optional, Boolean) Specifies whether fuzzy match is used. The default value is `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `part_match` - (Optional, Boolean) Specifies whether fuzzy match is used. The default value is **false**.

```

> * `part_match` - (Optional, Boolean) Specifies whether fuzzy match is used. The default value is **false**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `part_match` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies whether fuzzy match is used. The default value is **false**.

```
